README.md, before:

# Rech Informática extension for editing Cobol files with Visual Studio Code.

## IntelliSense for variable declaration
The variable declaration is done in two steps so that the editor parses the picture and generates the most approprivate VALUE in the VALUE clause:

* If it's a numeric display variable (picture contains **.**, **z**, **b**, **-** or **,**) inserts **VALUE IS ZEROS**.

![Display variable declaration](doc/variable/display-var-declaration.gif)

* If it's a numeric variable for computing, with decimal **v** or negative **s**, inserts **VALUE IS ZEROS COMP**.

![Computing variable with comma declaration](doc/variable/comma-numeric-var-declaration.gif)

* If it's an alphanumeric variable inserts **VALUE IS SPACES**.

![Alphanumeric variable declaration](doc/variable/alphanumeric-var-declaration.gif)

* If it's a  variable for computing, without decimal **v** nor negative **s**, inserts **VALUE IS ZEROS COMP-X**.

![Computing variable declaration](doc/variable/compute-var-declaration.gif)

## Formatter and loop completion
The Language Server provides automatic formatting for several Cobol clauses as shown below:

!['if' formatter](doc/formatter/if-formatter.gif)

!['evaluate' formatter](doc/formatter/evaluate-formatter.gif)

!['loog' completion](doc/intellisense/loop-intellisense.gif)

## Peek definition
You can peek Cobol variable and paragraph definitions!

!['peek' peek](doc/peek-definition.gif)

## Code highlight

## Paragraph suggestion

Commit message:

Added gif for code highlight

README.md, after:

# Rech Informática extension for editing Cobol files with Visual Studio Code.

## IntelliSense for variable declaration
The variable declaration is done in two steps so that the editor parses the picture and generates the most approprivate VALUE in the VALUE clause:

* If it's a numeric display variable (picture contains **.**, **z**, **b**, **-** or **,**) inserts **VALUE IS ZEROS**.

![Display variable declaration](doc/variable/display-var-declaration.gif)

* If it's a numeric variable for computing, with decimal **v** or negative **s**, inserts **VALUE IS ZEROS COMP**.

![Computing variable with comma declaration](doc/variable/comma-numeric-var-declaration.gif)

* If it's an alphanumeric variable inserts **VALUE IS SPACES**.

![Alphanumeric variable declaration](doc/variable/alphanumeric-var-declaration.gif)

* If it's a  variable for computing, without decimal **v** nor negative **s**, inserts **VALUE IS ZEROS COMP-X**.

![Computing variable declaration](doc/variable/compute-var-declaration.gif)

## Formatter and loop completion
The Language Server provides automatic formatting for several Cobol clauses as shown below:

!['if' formatter](doc/formatter/if-formatter.gif)

!['evaluate' formatter](doc/formatter/evaluate-formatter.gif)

!['loog' completion](doc/intellisense/loop-intellisense.gif)

## Peek definition
You can peek Cobol variable and paragraph definitions!

!['peek' peek](doc/peek-definition.gif)

## Code highlight
When mouse is over some Cobol keywords, the related keywords are highlighted for better understanding.

!['highlight' highlight](doc/highlight/highlight.gif)

## Paragraph suggestion
